all I can say IS WOW..it was right up there with INCEPTION!!...LOVED MURPHY , TIMBERLAKE AND SEIFRIED...I saw this movie in a private screening in Thousand oaks CA, 2 hour drive from where I live but well worth it! the cinematography was decent. My only complaint was with the cat and mouse soundtrack . They should really have chosen Hans Zimmer or Zack Hemsey instead. The future however didn't look very futuristic AT ALL, in fact the fashion and designs were very circa 2002-2007 ..the only futuristic aspect was perhaps Murphy's car with a ton of headlights..no they didn't fly either..I think the producers were too afraid of making a BTTF 2015 mistake with bringing in glitzy gadgets..it obviously wouldn't help the movie other than a distraction...I guess the fancy gadgets weren't going to serve a purpose..it wasn't about them, it was about "time". There were characters that couldn't be "can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with" Coming from a non-professional but avid movie goer I think JT has come a long way from his "Alpha-dog" days..I didn't take him seriously in the face book movie because he tends to chose "safe" non-leading roles.. I'm glad the chose him for this one, anyone else (like Dicaprio or Bale for example) would have been inappropriate..I don't think JT's acting is as lazy as Shia labeouf or costume filling like Ryan Reynolds. I've just seen him do so many funny skits in SNL its often hard to take him seriously. JT is no James bond but there is something genuine about his acting.Was he as good of a choice as Michael Fassbender (magneto) was in Xmen? probably not. (You could see all the tiny emotions on Fassbenders face, all the hate, all the joy..) Alex Pettyfer nailed it! He was playing one of the darker characters. His acting was so spot on I was convinced he was really a 75 year old. Would I want to see the movie a couple more times? definitely. Lots of puns in this movie. Nevertheless, all I can say is the ENTIRE AUDIENCE CLAPPED AFTER SEEING THE MOVIE..forget what people are saying about the trailer.. i'm sure you'll agree with me..in time ;)